fury(1) -- CLI to manage your Gemfury account
=============================================

## SYNOPSIS

`fury login`<br />
`fury logout`<br />
`fury push` FILE<br />
`fury list`<br />
`fury versions` NAME<br />
`fury yank` NAME -v, --version=VERSION<br />
`fury migrate` DIR<br />
`fury whoami`<br />
`fury help` [COMMAND]<br />
`fury git:list`<br />
`fury git:rebuild`<br />
`fury git:rename`<br />
`fury git:reset`<br />
`fury sharing`<br />
`fury sharing:add` EMAIL<br />
`fury sharing:remove` EMAIL<br />

## DESCRIPTION

Gemfury CLI allows you to control your Gemfury account without opening
a browser.  Once you register for an account, you can start by installing
the command-line tool:

    $ gem install gemfury

You will need a working Ruby and Rubygems setup in your system. Ruby version at
least 1.8 is required.

Please see below for other install options, using Homebrew, Apt, or Yum.

Authenticate with your Gemfury login credentials:

```bash
$ fury login
Please enter your Gemfury credentials.
Email: youremail@domain.com
Password: <hidden password>
You are logged in as "[USERNAME]"
```

And subsequently uploading your first package:

    $ fury push package-1.0.0.gem

That's it!

## UPLOADING

Uploading your packages is easy.  Once you've installed the Gemfury CLI,
upload files to your account with:

    $ fury push package-1.0.0.gem

If you are migrating from another server, or just have many
packages lying around, you can specify a directory path and the CLI will
upload all the packages found in that directory:

    $ fury migrate ./path/to/codez

## GENERAL OPTIONS

* `--as=ACCOUNT`:
  Specify the account to use, where you have a collaborator access.

    e.g. Push package to company account.

    $ fury push package-1.0.0.gem --as=company

* `--api-token=TOKEN`:
  Use specific access token, instead of the locally stored access credentials.

## COMMANDS

* `fury login`:
  Login to your Gemfury account and locally store access credentials.

* `fury logout`:
  Logout from your Gemfury account and remove the locally stored access credentials.

* `fury push` <package> [--public]:
  Push package to your account.

    `--public`:
      Set privacy setting to public.

* `fury list`:
  List packages in your account.

* `fury versions` <package>:
  List versions of a specified package.

* `fury yank` <package> --version=VERSION:
  Delete a version of a specified package.

* `fury migrate` <directory>:
  Push all packages found within the specified directory.

* `fury whoami`:
  Display the username of the currently logged in user.

## INSTALL OPTIONS

You may install using other distribution system.

* Install using Homebrew on OSX

    $ brew tap gemfury/tap<br />
    $ brew install gemfury

* Install using Apt on Debian / Ubuntu based systems

    $ apt install gemfury

* Install using Yum on Fedora / CentOS based systems

    $ yum install gemfury
